add-user-endpoint-blast-radius-dashboard (#58)
JupiterOne/insights-dashboards: src/boards/user-endpoint-blast-radius/readme.md

---
Publisher: JupiterOne
---

# User Endpoint Blast Radius

![sample-screenshot](board.png)

> Enter a macAddress of a device and visualize the device owners access, full inventory of digital identities, and resource allocation.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an interactive dashboard that will prompt you to enter a macAddress of a device and visualize the device owner's access, full inventory of digital identities, and the resources they have access to.  
```

---
Publisher: JupiterOne
---

# User Endpoint Blast Radius

![sample-screenshot](board.png)

> Enter a variable such as an ipAddress to visualize a device owners access, full inventory of digital identities, and resource allocation.  

Reviewer: This board is limited to the macAddress of a device.

Author: adjusted

> Prerequisite: 
>

> > This works best when integrations to different providers and accounts are 

Reviewer: As many as possible related to user endpoint agents and SaaS applications.

Author: adjusted
